Reports of a new virus COVID-19 is starting to emerge from China (31 Dec 2018)

Things that start small can reshape the world. Few people noticed when news emerged last December that China had begun monitoring the
outbreak of a new pneumonia-like virus, or even on January 11 after China reported its first death from the disease. Nearly a year
later, COVID-19 had changed life as we knew it. The World Health Organization estimated in October that as much as 10 percent of the
world’s population had already contracted COVID-19; by year’s end some 1.7 million people had died from it. As countries implemented
lockdowns to stop the disease’s spread, the global economy sputtered—it may have contracted by more than 4 percent—and poverty rates spiked.
Some countries like New Zealand and Vietnam handled the pandemic well, limiting infections while sustaining economic growth. But many
countries, most notably the United States, bungled their response and saw soaring caseloads and death rates. Arguments will persist for
years over why the crisis was mishandled; expect poor leadership, political partisanship, and distrust of government to figure prominently
in explanations. The year closed on a positive note as vaccines were approved in record time. The challenges now are distributing them
widely and equitably while preparing to do a better job stopping the next pandemic. The novel coronavirus will not be the last of its kind.

+

Tensions flair between US and Iran (May 2019)

Bad blood between Tehran and Washington still persists after four decades. On January 3, a U.S. drone strike killed Qasem Soleimani,
the leader of the Quds Force of the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps, shortly after he arrived in Baghdad. Iran retaliated over the
next two months with rocket attacks on U.S. bases in Iraq, injuring dozens of U.S. troops and killing many Iraqis. Tensions flared again
in April when several Iranian speedboats harassed U.S. warships in the Persian Gulf, prompting Trump to tweet that he had issued
orders “to shoot down” Iranian gunboats if the harassment continued. Iran responded by threatening to destroy U.S. warships. Amidst this
spat, Iran launched its first military satellite, intensifying U.S. concerns over Iran’s improving long-range missile capabilities.
While the threat of direct military confrontation eased over the summer, the United States imposed new sanctions on Iran as part of
its “maximum pressure” campaign, ignoring calls from European allies countries to ease its economic pressure in light of the COVID-19
pandemic. Tensions rose again in late November when Iran’s top nuclear scientist was assassinated, likely by Israel. Iran responded by
moving even further away from the terms of the 2015 nuclear deal. The potential that Iran could soon leave the deal entirely set the stage
for high stakes diplomacy early in 2021.

+

US China trade wars continues (23 Dec 2019)

Back in March 2018, President Donald Trump tweeted that “trade wars are good and easy to win.” That hasn’t been the case so far with his
trade war with China. In February, Trump delayed imposing a new round of tariffs on Chinese goods in a bid to give negotiators time to
strike a deal. In May, he concluded that the talks hadn’t progressed and imposed a new round of tariffs. In June, Trump and Chinese President
Xi Jinping agreed at the G-20 summit to push ahead with trade talks. In August, however, Trump announced he would place tariffs on $300 billion
worth of Chinese goods effective September 1. Twelve days later, he partially reversed course, saying he would delay half those tariffs until
December 15. China wasn’t mollified; on August 23 it announced tariffs on $75 billion worth of U.S. goods. Negotiators continued to meet, and
on October 11 they reached tentative agreement on a “Phase 1” deal. It took another two months, though, before the details were worked out.
Both sides claimed victory. However, the agreement failed to settle the major differences between the two economic superpowers, suggesting
that 2020 could be turbulent on the trade front.

+

Fed cuts rates to 0 (16 Mar 2020)

The Federal Reserve, saying “the coronavirus outbreak has harmed communities and disrupted economic activity in many countries, including the
United States,” cut interest rates to essentially zero on Sunday and launched a massive $700 billion quantitative easing program to shelter
the economy from the effects of the virus. The new fed funds rate, used as a benchmark both for short-term lending for financial institutions
and as a peg to many consumer rates, will now be targeted at 0% to 0.25% down from a previous target range of 1% to 1.25%.

+

Moderna vaccine gets approval (dec 2020)

On December 18, 2020, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration issued an emergency use authorization (EUA) for Moderna COVID-19 Vaccine for the
prevention of coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) in individuals 18
years of age and older. Moderna COVID-19 Vaccine is available under EUA as a two-dose primary series in individuals 18 years of age and older,
as a third primary series dose for individuals 18 years of age and older who have been determined to have certain kinds of immunocompromise, and
as a single booster dose in people 18 years of age and older. The Moderna COVID-19 Vaccine is also authorized for use as a heterologous
(or “mix and match”) booster dose following completion of primary vaccination with a different available COVID-19 vaccine. For example,
Pfizer-BioNTech COVID-19 Vaccine and Janssen COVID-19 vaccine recipients 18 years of age and older may receive a single booster dose of
the Moderna COVID-19 Vaccine. 

+

This is the final turn of the game.
Do sell all of the stocks you are currently holding and press the "End Game" Button!

+

This is a turn-based game single-player game which aims to test your ability to invest in stocks based on current affairs.
Each turn, you will be presented with a news article which affects how the prices of the different stocks vary in the following turn.
You will be given the option to buy and sell stocks accordingly, before you move on to the next turn.
Your starting capital will be displayed at the bottom right of the screen, and will change whenever you sell/buy a stock.
There are a total of 5 Turns excluding the final turn. At the final turn, don't forget to sell all your stocks!
The capital you have at the end of the final turn will represent your final score.

Good luck! 

